AB#1235 Add remote attestation docu (#50)
edgelesssys/docs.edgeless.systems: ego/reference/remote-attestation.md

# Remote Attestation

## Requirements

> Make sure to install the following services to be able to use remote attestation:

Reviewer: Maybe something along the lines of "Make sure you have access to the following services..." would be better, since a user won't have to install a PCCS if they are using e.g. an Azure confidential computing VM

## Quote provider
For remote attestation, both the attester and the verifier expect a *quote provider* to be installed on the system. If no quote provider can be found, you will see the `OE_QUOTE_PROVIDER_LOAD_ERROR` error. The required quote provider depends on your environment.

### Azure
Install the Azure DCAP client:
```bash
sudo ego install az-dcap-client
```
Or manually:
```bash
wget -qO- https://packages.microsoft.com/keys/microsoft.asc | sudo apt-key add
sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://packages.microsoft.com/ubuntu/`lsb_release -rs`/prod `lsb_release -cs` main"
sudo apt install az-dcap-client
```

### On-premises or other cloud
If the enclave app runs on-premises or on another cloud that doesn't provide its own attestation infrastructure, you can use `ego install` to setup the required services:
```bash
sudo ego install libsgx-dcap-default-qpl
```

Otherwise you can follow the [guide from Open Enclave](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/master/docs/GettingStartedDocs/Contributors/NonAccMachineSGXLinuxGettingStarted.md#3-set-up-intel-dcap-quote-provider-library-qpl) to do the steps manually.

## PCCS Server

> In all cases, you need to setup a PCCS Server that caches the required data for remote attestation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cloud provider does not provide their own PCCS Server, or you are using your own infrastructure, you need to setup a PCCS Server that caches the required data for remote attestation.
```
Don't need to do it in all cases. For example Azure and Alibaba Cloud provide a PCCS for their VM offerings

> Follow our [instructions on Github](https://github.com/edgelesssys/era/blob/master/pccs/README.md) to easily run a PCCS Server using Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow our [instructions on GitHub](https://github.com/edgelesssys/era/blob/master/pccs/README.md) to easily run a PCCS Server using Docker.
```
